[DOCS] Updating CCR setup to be more tutorial focused (#62256)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/ccr/getting-started.asciidoc

[[ccr-getting-started-remote-cluster]]
==== Connect to a remote cluster
To replicate an index on a remote cluster (Cluster A) to a local cluster (Cluster B), you configure Cluster A as a remote on Cluster B.

image::images/ccr-tutorial-clusters.png[ClusterA contains the leader index and ClusterB contains the follower index]

To configure a remote cluster from Stack Management in {kib}:

. Select *Remote Clusters* from the side navigation.
. Specify the IP address or host name of the remote cluster (ClusterB),
followed by the transport port of the remote cluster (defaults to `9300`). For

> example, specify `127.0.0.1:9300` for a remote cluster running locally.

Author: @debadair I agree, but CCR is not yet supported on ESS. In the meantime, we could use a different IP that isn't localhost.

[[ccr-getting-started-remote-cluster]]
==== Connect to a remote cluster
Connect your local cluster (`ClusterA`) to a remote cluster (`ClusterB`) to
begin using {ccr}.

> To configure a remote cluster, access {kib} and go to

Reviewer: Instead of "access Kibana", I'd probably just say:

To configure a remote cluster from Stack Management in Kibana:

. Select *Remote Clusters* from the side navigation. 
. Specify the IP address or host name of the remote...

====

[[ccr-getting-started-leader-index]]

> ==== Choose a leader index

Reviewer: "Choose" seems like a strange choice. :-) In practice, you know what you want to replicate. I think I'd be inclined to drop this section and treat having at least one index on the remote cluster as a prereq.

[[ccr-getting-started-follower-index]]

> ==== Create a follower index

Reviewer: I wonder if we want to cast this as "Create a follower index to replicate a content index" vs "Create an autofollow pattern to replicate time series indices"?

> When you create a follower index, you reference the

Reviewer: I wouldn't give them exit points here.

<<ccr-getting-started-remote-cluster,remote cluster>> and the
<<ccr-getting-started-leader-index,leader index>> in your remote
cluster.

> To create a follower index, access {kib} and go to

Reviewer: Same comment as above.

====

[[ccr-getting-started-auto-follow]]
==== Create an auto-follow pattern to replicate time series indices
You use <<ccr-auto-follow,auto-follow patterns>> to automatically create new
followers for rolling time series indices. Whenever the name of a new index on
the remote cluster matches the auto-follow pattern, a corresponding follower
index is added to the local cluster.

An auto-follow pattern specifies the remote cluster you want to replicate from,
and one or more index patterns that specify the rolling time series indices you

> want to replicate. When the auto-follow pattern matches the specified index
> pattern, {es} creates new time series indices on the remote cluster.

Reviewer: I think I confused the issue with my comment. I'd just remove this second sentence.

```suggestion
want to replicate.
```

====

[[ccr-getting-started-auto-follow]]
==== Create an auto-follow pattern to replicate time series indices
Create <<ccr-auto-follow,auto-follow patterns>> to automatically follow time

> series indices that are created in a remote cluster. Whenever the name of a new index on the remote cluster matches the auto-follow pattern, a corresponding follower index is added to the local cluster.

Reviewer: I wonder if it's worth saying something about the auto-follow pattern essentially matching the index pattern specified in the template used to create the time series indices on the remote?

> With an auto-follow pattern, you reference the
> <<ccr-getting-started-remote-cluster,remote cluster>> connected to your
> local cluster. You must also specify a collection of patterns that match the
> indices you want to automatically follow.

Reviewer: This feels a bit awkward. Maybe:

```suggestion
An auto-follow pattern specifies the remote cluster you want to replicate from, 
and one or more index patterns that specify the rolling time series indices you want
replicate.
```

// tag::ccr-create-auto-follow-pattern-tag[]

> To create an auto-follower pattern from Stack Management in {kib}:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create an auto-follow pattern from Stack Management in {kib}:
```

. Select *Cross Cluster Replication* in the side navigation and choose the
*Auto-follow patterns* tab.
. Enter a name for the auto-follow pattern, such as `beats`.

> . Choose the remote cluster containing the index you want to replicate, which
> is ClusterA if you are following this guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Choose the remote cluster that contains the index you want to replicate,
which in the example scenario is Cluster A. 
```

. Enter one or more index patterns that identify the indices you want to
replicate from the remote cluster. For example, enter

> `metricbeat-* packetbeat-*` as the index pattern.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`metricbeat-* packetbeat-*` to automatically create followers for metric beat and packet beat indices.
```

. Enter *follower-* as the prefix to apply to the names of the follower indices so
you can more easily identify replicated indices.

As new indices matching these patterns are

> created, {es} replicates them to the follower indices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
created on the remote, {es} automatically replicates them to local follower indices.
```

[[ccr-getting-started-auto-follow]]

> ==== Automatically create follower indices

Reviewer: See comment above. I'm also wondering how this changes with Data streams?

Reviewer 2: CCR doesn't support data streams currently. It looks like that's being added here: https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/pull/61993

Create <<ccr-auto-follow,auto-follow patterns>> to automatically follow time

> series indices that are periodically created in a remote cluster, such as daily

Reviewer: This phrasing isn't quite right. It's not clear that they are automatically created via Rollover (or Data streams?). And I don't think we want to reinforce the notion that daily indices are a good pattern.
